{\rtf1\ansi \deff2\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\qj\sb60\sa120 \b\f2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\qj\li360\sb80\sa58 \b\f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 3;}{
\s4\qj\li360\sb80 \f2\ul \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 4;}{\s5\qj\li720\sb80 \b\f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 5;}{\s6\qj\li720\sb80 \f2\fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 6;}{\s7\qj\li720\sb80 \i\f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 7;}{\s8\qj\li720\sb80 
\i\f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 8;}{\s9\qj\li720\sb80 \i\f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qj\li180\sb80\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext15 footer;}{
\s16\qj\li180\sb80\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext16 header;}{\*\cs17 \additive\f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 footnote text;}{\s19\qj\li360\sb60 \f2\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext19 Normal Indent;}{\s20\qj\li180\sb80\sa58 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext20 Para;}{\s21\qj\li360\sb80\sa58 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon20\snext21 Para/Indent;}{\s22\qj\fi-245\li346\sb80\sa58\tx346 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon20\snext22 List/Bull;}{
\s23\qj\fi-245\li346\sb80\sa58\tqr\tx274\tx360 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon20\snext23 List/Num;}{\*\cs24 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}{\s25\qj\li720\sa60\keep\keepn\tx2160 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext25 Property Bar;}}{\info{\title CALLHELP.DOC}
{\author Microsoft Visual Basic Help Team}{\operator hill m}{\creatim\yr1991\mo3\dy12\hr16\min35}{\revtim\yr1991\mo4\dy29\hr13\min14}{\printim\yr1993\mo4\dy7\hr20}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49203}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\qj\sb120\sa240\keep\keepn\tx720 \b\f2 {\cs17\fs16\up6 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Help for RPG}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} idxCallHelp}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} idx: 001}}\{bmc char1.bmp\}
   Help for RPG
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 Description
\par \pard\plain \li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 RPG is a simple role playing game.  It allows you to wander through a small works, visit a few friends, find some loot, and vanquish your enemies (maybe).
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 {\uldb Map Screen}{\b0\v jmpMapScreen}
\par \pard\plain \qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 This page shows the main screen and lets you find out about it.
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 {\uldb Map Symbols}{\b0\v jmpMapSymbols} 
\par \pard\plain \qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 This section describes the symbols found on the game map.
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 {\uldb Playing The Game}{\b0\v jmpPlayingTheGame} 
\par \pard\plain \qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 Describes how to play this game.  You'll find a little general advice here, too.
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 {\uldb Combat}{\b0\v jmpCombat} 
\par \pard\plain \qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 This section has information on combat, weapons, health, etc.
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 {\uldb Hints}{\b0\v jmpHints} 
\par \pard\plain \qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 Clues to make the game easier and to help you find secret / concealed areas.
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 {\ul Sound Credits}{\b0\v popSoundCredits} 
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Sound Credits}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popSoundCredits}}Sound Credits
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 The sounds in this game are derived from WAV files from the Sonic Waves 3000 CD-ROM set.  This set is published by Innovative Media Corp.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Mountains}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popMtn}}Mountains
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 These are mountains.  You can't walk over or through them.  You must find a way around them.  There are many paths through the mountains that let you do just that.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Plains}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popPlains}}Plains
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 These are plains (grasslands, fields, etc.).  You can wander through these to your heart's content.  About the only things you'll find here are signs and your enemies.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Cabin}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popCabin}}Cabin
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 This is the cabin where you live.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Compass Rose}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popCompass}}Compass Rose
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 This tells you which way is north.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Forest}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popForest}}Forest
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 These are forest areas.  Sometimes you'll find a friend in here.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Main Character}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popChar}}Main Character
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 This is you.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Mountain Path}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popPath}}Mountain Path
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 This is a mountain path.  It is the only way to travel in the mountains.  There are paths that link all of the valleys.  Some of them are hidden, so look around carefully.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Sign}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popSign}}Sign
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 This is a sign.  These signs display information that you'll find generally useless.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Exit Button}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popExit}}Exit Button
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 This buttons exits the game.  There is no confirmation, so be careful.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Status Information}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popStatus}}Status Information
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 This area sometimes displays status information.  This can be anything from "You found a secret cave!" To "Ouch! He hit you!"  Pay attention to this area.  Sometimes it'll give you information you really need.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Weapon Status}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popWeapon}}Weapon Status
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 This tells you what weapon you have.  For more information about this, see {\uldb Combat}{\v jmpCombat}.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Health Status}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popHealth}}Health Status
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 This tells you how you are feeling.  Pay close attention to this.  If you start feeling poor, you should go seek healing of some kind.  For more information about this, see {\uldb Combat}{\v jmpCombat}.
\par \pard\plain \s1\qj\sb60\keep\keepn \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Map Screen}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} jmpMapScreen}+{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} rpg: mapscreen}}Map Screen
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 To find out about the areas on this screen, click on it ...
\par \pard\plain \qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 \{bmc mapscr.shg\}
\par \pard\plain \s1\qj\sb60\keep\keepn \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Hints}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} jmpHints}+{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} rpg: hints}}Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 Click on a hint to find out more ...
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi-1260\li1440\sb80\tx1440 \f2\fs20 {\ul Getting temporarily healed}{\v popHeal1}
\par {\ul Getting to the Lake}{\v popFindLake}
\par {\ul Getting temporarily healed #2}{\v popHeal2}
\par {\ul Finding the Dagger}{\v popFindDagger}
\par {\ul Finding the Sword}{\v popFindSword}
\par {\ul Killing the Last Enemy}{\v popLastEnemy}
\par \pard\plain \s1\qj\sb60\keep\keepn \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Playing The Game}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} jmpPlayingTheGame}+{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} rpg: playingthegame}}Playing The Game
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 Movement
\par \pard\plain \qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 
Moving around in RPG is pretty easy.  Just use the numeric keypad (with NumLock off) to move yourself.  When you first start playing, take a little time and get used to moving your character around.  Pretty soon, you'll find that it's pretty easy.
\par Sometimes when you move into an area, something will happen (a path is revealed, you get to read a sign, etc.).  Pay attention ...
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 Picking Up Objects
\par \pard\plain \qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 To pick something up, just move on top of it. In this game, there are only three things you can pick up: the dagger, the sword, and the chalice.
\par \pard\plain \s1\qj\sb60\keep\keepn \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Combat}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} jmpCombat}+{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} rpg: combat}}Combat
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 Attacking your Opponent
\par \pard\plain \qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 
Attacking someone is easy: just move "into" them.  You will hear either a "whack" sound or a "whoosh" sound.  The "whack" means you hit, the "whoosh" means you missed.  If you kill your opponent, you'll hear them scream.
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 The Club
\par \pard\plain \qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 This weapon is pretty easy to use.  You hit with it fairly often, but it does minimal damage.
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 The Dagger
\par \pard\plain \qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 This weapon is harder to use.  You don't hit very often, but you do medium damage with it.
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb120 \b\f2\fs20 The Sword
\par \pard\plain \qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 This weapon is the easiest to use.  You hit with it pretty often, and it does a lot of damage.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Getting Healed}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popHeal1}}Getting Healed
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 To get some healing, visit your friend Sylvia the Sylpha.  She lives in the valley just south of yours.  To find her, go to the center of the small grove of trees.  She is very busy and only has time to heal you once.

\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Finding the Lake}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popFindLake}}Finding the Lake
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 
The path to the lake is concealed.  To find it, go the Sylvia the Slyph's valley and take the path heading east from it.  Follow this path all the way to the next valley.  Then, go up to the north and explore the little off-shoot.  The path will reveal it
self.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Getting Healed #2}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popHeal2}}Getting Healed #2
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 To get healed even more, visit the island.  To get there, go to the dock next to the lake.  Row the rickety old boat across and drink from the fountain.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Finding the Dagger}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popFindDagger}}Finding the Dagger
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 
The dagger is in a secret cave.  To find it, go the Sylvia the Slyph's valley and take the path heading south from it.  Go down this path until you reach the beach.  Follow the beach east until it ends.  The cave will be obvious.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Finding the Sword}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popFindSword}}Finding the Sword
\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 The sword is guarded by a couple of the bad guys in a valley to the east.  To get there, go to Big Valley and head east.  Go past the Hermit's valley and take the northwest t
rail.  You'll have to defeat the bad guy in the next valley.  Then, take the northwest path.  It leads to another valley where you'll have to defeat two more of your enemy.  In the northwest corner, you'll find the sword.
\par \pard\plain \s1\ri5040\sb60 \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Killing the Last Enemy}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} popLastEnemy}}Killing the Last Enemy

\par \pard\plain \ri5040\sb80 \f2\fs20 Hit him.  Hit him hard.  Make sure you have the sword and are completely healed up.  Go back to the fountain on the island if you're health isn't rated as Excellent.
\par \pard\plain \s1\qj\sb60\keep\keepn \b\f2 \page {\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Map Symbols}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} jmpMapSymbols}+{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s18\qj\li180\sb80 \f2\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} rpg: mapsymbols}}Map Symbols
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb180 \b\f2\fs20 People and Creatures
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi-1260\li1440\sb80\tx1440 \f2\fs20 \{bmc char1.bmp\}\tab This is you, the character this game revolves around.
\par \{bmc orc.bmp\}\tab These are the bad guys.  They're the ones who put the snake in your bed.
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb180 \b\f2\fs20 Items You May Find
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi-1260\li1440\sb80\tx1440 \f2\fs20 \{bmc dagger.bmp\}\tab This is a dagger.  For more information about it, see {\uldb Combat}{\v jmpCombat}.
\par \{bmc sword.bmp\}\tab This is a sword. For more information about it, see {\uldb Combat}{\v jmpCombat}.
\par \{bmc chalice.bmp\}\tab This is the Golden Chalice.  This is what you're looking for; the ultimate goal of your quest.
\par \{bmc boat.bmp\}\tab This a small boat.
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb180 \b\f2\fs20 Landmarks
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi-1260\li1440\sb80\tx1440 \f2\fs20 \{bmc cabin5.bmp\}\tab This is your cabin, where you now live your (mostly) peaceful life.
\par \{bmc sign.bmp\}\tab This is a sign.  It lets you know where you are.
\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\sb180 \b\f2\fs20 Terrain
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi-1260\li1440\sb80\tx1440 \f2\fs20 \{bmc green5.bmp\}\tab Grassland, plains.
\par \{bmc forest3.bmp\}\tab Forest.
\par \{bmc mnt5.bmp\}\tab Mountains.  You cannot walk through/over mountains.
\par \{bmc traila5.bmp\}\{bmc trailb5.bmp\}\{bmc trailc5.bmp\}\{bmc traild5.bmp\}\{bmc traile5.bmp\}\{bmc trailf5.bmp\}\{bmc trailg5.bmp\}\{bmc trailh5.bmp\}\tab Moutain trails.
\par \{bmc water5.bmp\}\tab River or lake.  You cannot walk over this.
\par \{bmc hbridge5.bmp\}\{bmc vbridge5.bmp\}\tab Bridge (only way to travel over water).
\par \pard \qj\sb180 
\par }